After assassins killed the Roman Emperor and many of Rome's territories
	rebelled, three great alliance blocks quickly formed. Rome had had many 
	allies, and Ukraine, the United Tribes of America, India, Baluchistan,
	Mutapa, and Sokoto all worked with Rome in this period. The Northern
	Alliance	was started by Germany and Russia, who convinced Poland-Lithuania
	to join by ceding land occupied by Poles and Lithuanians to PL. Shortly
	thereafter,	England (the South American one), Kanata, Scotland, Adal, Iraq,
	and Hedjaz all joined the alliance. Japan and China signed an alliance
	(sealed with some land swaps), forming the Greater Asian Co-Prosperity
	Sphere. Persia, Khiva, Luang Prabang, and Makassar all joined this alliance.
	Soon, Russia declared war on Rome, dragging in the rest of the Northern
	alliance. Russia claimed that the Empire was being too aggressive and sought
	to cut it down to size. Ming took the opportunity to attack Russia for
	Qiqihar,	putting the GACPS and Northern Alliance at war. Persia then sought
	to take territory from Baluchistan, bringing the GACPS to war with Rome and
	its allies.
	
During the course of the war, other nations faced rebellions. The UTA saw a
	small rising of reactionaries, while India faced a large rebellion of
	communists.

The wars saw many smaller treaties: Iraq capitulated to China, Ukraine
	capitulated to Russia, Kanata gave Washington to the UTA, Iraq gave their
	last Indonesian island to Rome, Khiva capitulated to Russia, Hedjaz gave
	Taibei to Rome, Persia annexed Baluchistan, Germany gave their Central
	African colony to Rome, Poland-Lithuania freed Cambodia, Adal surrendered 
	their Indonesian islands to Rome, Luang Prabang capitulated to Rome.
	
It was at this point Hungary began it's expansion against Poland-Lithuania.

The separate peaces continued, with Makassar giving several islands to Rome and
	Khiva capitulating to Rome.

Then communists took over Ukraine, slaughtering the royal family and severing
	the allaince with Rome.

But more peaces came, with Scotland giving Senegal to Rome, and then the GACPS
	surrendering wholesale to Rome. Baluchistan was freed, Korea was freed, Iraq
	was restored to its old borders, and many Indonesian islands were given to
	Rome, and India acquired some west Malaysian colonies. Shortly after that,
	the remains of the Northern Alliance surrendered. Russia was to give Ming
	the Qiqihar	region, and England gave up their last territory in the British 
	isles to Rome: the Island of Man.